Boss:

1. The Boss can view the sales record of all the Sales Associates in the system.
   He can then decide who should be given a raise. 

2. The Boss can view the profit over each robot and the quantity of robots sold.  

3. The Boss can view the details of all the orders taken by the shop

Product Manager:

1. The Product Manager defines the parts of a Robot. Each Robot Part has its own
   attributes, like energy, power, cost, etc.
   When all the parts are defined, a Robot is assembled to be sold to a Customer.

2. After all the Robot Parts are defined with their accessories, their costs are added up
   to find the total cost of the assembled Robot.
   The Product Manager knows the cost of the Robot which helps to decide the price of the Robot.

3. When the Robot is assembled and ready for selling to the Customers, the Product Manager decides
   the price of the Robot, thereby calculating the profit for each Robot.

Sales Associate:

1. The Sales Associate can create an order for a customer by selecting the
   Create Order and Generate Bill menu option.  The Sales Associate will prompted to
   enter his/her information and information for the Customer and order.

2. The Create Order and Generate Bill option will also print the bill of sale
   created by the Sales Associate.

3. The Sales Associate may also generate a report of all of his/her 
   itemized sales and sales totals by selecting the View my Sales Report option.
   
Customer:

1. The Customer can view the full Robot Catalog of the Robot Shop.
   The Customer can then view details of a particular Robot if the
   Customer wishes to.

2. The Customer can view the Order that has been placed by them.
   The Order gives details about the quantity of the robot choses,
   its price and amount to pay for the purchase.

3. The Customer can print their Bill of all the orders that they placed.
   The Bill will give details about the date of purchase, Order Number, Robot Name, Quantity of the Robot,
   and all the monetary distributions for the clarity of the Customer.